---
layout: post
title:  "One of the benefits of Living Alone"
date:  2022-02-07 22:47:29 +0300
---


I want to talk about one of the benefits of living alone or just not living with your parents anymore and having your own responsibilities and obligations and having to deal with everything in the way you want to.  

While you're under 18 and you live with your parents you are preaty much fully dependent on them. You really don't have much rights.  

The cool thing when you live alone is you have __the freedom to do stuff the way you want to__. You can arrange the house however you like it without caring if someone else likes it, design it the way you want to... You can have your own fully functioning card and pay for whatever you want without having to convince your parents why you want to spend the money this way. You can live the lifestyle you want to live now! Cause I know that there are some people who don't like their parents or just don't want to be like them or don't like their mindset or whatever. I mean do you know how hard it is for example to be trying to stop eating chocolate and your house is full of chocolate because your parents eat chocolate and thy wont stop eating it just because you want to.  

You know thats annoying for both you and them. Cause they are trying to live their style of life and you're just constantly messing it up with your shit and your new decissions and wantings. And their messing you cause you can not continue progressing because most parents in some topics say "no" when their child wants to try something (for example cook, invest money in something, try to change his room, start meeting new people and going to new places with unknown people...)  

And that's okay i guess, because everyone has different thoughts and mindset on different topics. And that's the problem that noone is perfect and when you are a parent you teach your kid about the world in the way you see it.  

I don't know man this just really annoys me. I don't fucking want someone screaming everyday because they can't control their anger or enter my father's info every time I make some transaction just because I'm fucking under 18 and have no fucking rights. I don't want someone screeming at me when I try to do something different or try to change something or just make a change in my life. I want to be able to take my own decisions.
