---
layout: post
title:  "Time"
date:  2022-05-29 15:35:29 +0300
---

### Before we start, lets play some nice music.

<iframe style="border-radius:12px" src="https://open.spotify.com/embed/track/3neszfVeLbV5zJmAABsWs0?utm_source=generator" width="100%" height="80" frameBorder="0" allowfullscreen="" allow="autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; fullscreen; picture-in-picture"></iframe>

<br><br>

Every day you have to retake your most important decision.  
You need to decide how to spend your most important possession.  
You need to decide how to invest your 86400 seconds.  

Your time is your most important investment.  
The more time you put into something the better you become at it. So its significant to think about what you want to achive 
and who you want to become and to start putting time into those things.  

Time is shitty, you really can't control it, you have no power over it.  
It passes and passes and passes. And then you wonder how so much time passes so quickly.  

Time really does change yo. It really fucking does. It's so fucking weird when you've grown up with some people and then lets say you move school or something, and you stop seeing them. Then you suddenly see this one of them on the street and he has changed so much, and you start wondering about all the time that has passed and all the things that have happened in both your and his life.  

Time is such a competitive tool too. It's like: Who can learn more and do more things it the time that he has, how much impact can he bring 
before his soul leaves his body.

---

<br>

I want to tell you one about one memory of mine, one thing that happened a few weeks ago and I want you to try and imagine it.  

I was at school and I had Literature. We read this:  
```
ЕСЕННА ПЕСЕН
Пол Верлен

Цигулков плач,
изплувал в здрач
сред късна есен,
ме е ранил
и аз, унил,
вървя унесен
и тръпна цял:
часът без жал
отеква, ето —
възкръсва в мен
отминал ден,
ридай сърцето.
Студът снове
и ветрове
са ме подели
като златист
отбрулен лист
без свои цели.
```
It's a dark work of art. My teacher said he want us to pick an object from the text and demonize it.  
I chose the clock as the representation of time - from those lines:  
> вървя унесен  
> и тръпна цял:  
> часът без жал  
> отеква

<br>

I had this picture in my head: 
> Imagine the whole sky  
> the whole sky is a giant clock  
> A clock that shakes the ground   
> shakes it every second that passes.  
> You are trapped in this sphere   
> and you can't escape the clock of life.  
> Time passes, the sky gets angrier and angrier,  
> there are lightnings. You feel every second,  
> every pulse. And eventually... It all ends.  

<br>

Imagine you could pause time and just walk around and 
look at all frozen people. Like in movies.  
How interesting would that be.

<iframe style="border-radius:12px" src="https://open.spotify.com/embed/track/3OuSwVoqxlaKO3MfcigSNp?utm_source=generator" width="100%" height="80" frameBorder="0" allowfullscreen="" allow="autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; fullscreen; picture-in-picture"></iframe>
