---
layout: post
title:  "Selling my stuff - Click Click Here"
date:   2022-07-30 12:38:29 +0300
---

Music is such a powerful instrument. That's why I want to try and not listen to any music for a while to see how it affects my energy, my mood and life overall.  

<br>

What do you do when you want to fix your mood? You propably say **"Lets listen to some Happy Playlist and let it boost my mood"**. And it works, it really does boost your mood. And even if you are happy when you listen to some heartbreaking story with some sad music, it makes you sad too.  

<br>

The impact on the brain in crazy. You've probably experienced this - have you ever been outside and some random 5 year-old song just fucking pops in your head and you start singing. Out of nowhere. Like man songs that I haven't listened in years, if you just start the melody, the whole song pops up in my mind. But if you ask me what literature we studied last year, I DON'T FUCKING KNOW. I don't remember anything.  

<br>

Again, don't get me wrong. I love music. I've been listening to a lot of Post Malone lately. I love Post Malone. And I really really like his latest album by the way. You really should listen to it. It's called **Twelve Carat Toothache**.  

<br>

Silence makes you thing. Silence makes you nervous and scared. For most people it's really hard to just sit for 10 minutes and just do nothing. No phone, no nothing, just sitting and staring at something. If you thing I'm talking shit. Try it. And you will see that you will fail at the 6th minute. Music kills your thinking.  
Music straight up **shoots you to the moon**. Like a lovely cigarette. Music hypnotize you and you feel fucking amazing.
